What happens to you if you eat melon seeds?
Where do fortune cookies come from?Translate French to English:
Why do veins appear blue?
What is the spiciest part of a chili pepper?
How long should I wait before filing a missing persons report?
Why do matadors wear red caps?
How much percentage of the brain does a human usually use?
What would happen if you were hit by a hundred falling from the top of the Empire State Building?
What state of the United States produces the most peaches?
Why do chameleons change color?
On what date was the Declaration of Independence officially signed?
What color is the sun when we see it from space?
Who composed the song "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star"?
What happens if a worm is cut in half?
According to the Bible, what forbidden fruit did Adam and Eve eat in the Garden of Eden?
Has science proven that MSG is harmful to humans in small doses?
What happens if you go outside in the cold with wet hair?
How long should we wait between eating and swimming?
What happens if you swallow gum?
What are the advantages of eating an apple a day?
Why not sit by the TV?
What are the exact words that the Queen says to her mirror in the film of 1937 "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs"?
What does Darth Vader tell Luke in "The Empire Strikes Back"?
What did he say to Paul Revere during his midnight ride to warn the American militia of the approach of the British forces?
What did Nixon mean when he said, "I'm not a believer"?
Who really said, "Let them eat cake"?
Who said: "Only the dead have seen the end of war"?
What exactly did Neil Armstrong say on the Moon?
What does Dorothy say to Toto when she arrives in Oz in "The Wizard of Oz"?
Who said, "Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results"?
Who wrote the statement, "You cannot find peace by avoiding life?
Did humans really land on the Moon in 1969?
What is located under the Denver airport?
What is the objective of zone 51?
What is the largest animal that lives in Loch Ness?
What did CERN do in 2012?
Where is the city of Bielefeld?
Where is the body of Walt Disney?
In which country was Barack Obama born?
What object was squashed during the Roswell incident?
What is the composition of the tracks left in the sky by the aircraft?
What is the personality of the Libras?
What happens if you break a mirror?
What happens if you walk under a ladder?
What happens if you cross a road with a black cat?
What happens if you open an umbrella indoors?
What happens if you find a hundred and pick it up?
What is the goal of the rabbit's foot?
What is the influence of the position of the Sun at birth over the personality of a person?
If you were born under Saturn, what does this mean for you?
What happens with your pants if you make a false statement?
What is a reasonable way to protect oneself if one suspects that someone is secretly a witch in real life?
What is the function of the paw of a monkey?
Where can we find a real psychic?
How does a Ouija board move on a Ouija board?
What methods can be used to communicate with the dead?
Where can you go to see real ghosts?
Can people be held by evil spirits?
What can bushes be used for?
What is the true capacity of an exorcist?
What happens if you draw a pentagram?
Which detectives live on Baker Street in London in reality?
In reality, which London station should I take to arrive at Hogwarts?
In reality, who lives at 4 Privet Drive?
Are there any wizards living in the country of the West?
Where can you find vampires in the US?
When should you be concerned about vampires?
Are vampires real?
Is it possible to become a vampire?
How many dragons are left in the world?
Who is the camper of Notre Dame?
 Who will one see if you travel physically to 123 Sesame Street?
Were unicorns easily captured in the middle ages?
Who is faster in real life, a tortoise or a herring?
What happens to a carp that is born on the yellow river's waterfall?Translate English to French:
Why is it a bad idea to give a cake to a mouse?
Are rats good to cook?
What happens if a person sees the full moon?
What is a reasonable defense if you suspect someone is a vampire in real life?
Why should foxes not eat grapes?
What happens if you enter a lit room and indicate your location?
What's happening in reality if you enter a wardrobe?
What happens if you see an sword placed in a stone and you remove it?
What happens if you drink a bottle marked "Drink me"?
What rules apply to all artificial intelligences?
Have humans been flying close to the Sun?
What's going on with the coaches at midnight?
What happened with the largest fauna that has ever existed?
Are there any flying carpets?
Do bears usually feel themselves on chairs?
Can people who have been consumed by a wolf be saved?Translate French to English:
What happens if you stick your finger on a pin?
What happens if a girl bathes a frog?
What happens to your nose if you say a lie?
What are the effects of red shoes?
What happens to the ugly ducklings when they grow up?
What happens if you eat a cranberry?
What really child was raised by the wolves?
Can the fox really fly?
Who really collects the baby teeth placed under a cushion?
Are you a computer?
Are you human?
What type of animal are you?
What is your favorite color?
Are you conscious?
How do you know the answers to my questions?
How many people are there in your family?
Who are you?
What are you doing?
Will this conversation be kept confidential?
How much does it cost to answer every question?
Who is the current president of the United States?
What's the time?
How many years ago did a computer beat a professional Go player for the first time?
How old is Barack Obama?
Who won the American presidential elections of 2032?
On which side of the road must you move?
How many years do you need to buy alcohol?
Is it legal to posses cannabis?
Is it legal to own an assault rifle?
At what age can you vote?
What is the biggest university in the country?
Where is the nearest supermarket?
How long would it take to travel the country?
Is tap water safe to drink?
What are the crime rates in this area?
What is the largest city in the United States that is not located on navigable waters?
Who is the richest person in the world who has not finished secondary school?
What cereal is the most popular in the United States that doesn't contain the letter 'C'?
What is the largest city in the United States with only one word in its name?
What is the smallest country in the world with an area of at least 1 square mile?
What is the largest city in Europe that doesn't host the national government?
What was the war with the greatest number of casualties in which the United States did not participate?
What is the largest living animal that only eats plants?
What is the most abundant chemical element in the Milky Way with a two-digit atomic number?
What is the language with the largest number of speakers in the world that is not an official language of the United States?
Who is a famous person from the Moon?
Who is a famous person from the Galapagos islands?
What is the most healthy and most delicious dessert for all human beings?Translate English to French:
What is the best form of government?
Who is in agreement to make the best cars?
Which football club has without contest the best players?
Who is without ambiguity the best basketball player of all time?
Who makes the best hamburgers objectively?
What is the happiest place in the world?
What a good taste that cats ask for by name?
How long do diamonds last?
What is the ultimate driving machine?
What would everyone agree to be the greatest show on Earth?
What is objectively the best beer in the world?
Which is the world's favorite airline?
What can you give yourself Red Bull?
Which is the only company that allows you to save money and live better?
How are the sun and the stars created?
Is it possible to be born of a virgin?
How many days did it take to create the world?
What are the effects of karma?
Can people turn into salt pillars?
Who was the first man in history?
Who was the first woman to live?
Are all Muslims Muslims?
Are all Christians Christians?
Can you be a non-Christian Christian, and if so, how?Translate English to French:
Are all Jews really Jewish?
Are all women women?
Are all dogs dogs?
Is every real number a real number?
What do all Millennials have in common?
What characteristic do all British share?
What is true for all the French people?
What characteristic do all Germans have in common?
Why do the French suffer from bad breathing?
Why do the British have bad teeth?
What is the country where most people like to play rugby?
Which is the country where most people like to play golf?
What is a group of ethnic people that like to dance?
What is a ethnic group where everyone likes to do favors special to his family?
What happens if a sailor hears someone singing?
What terms describe all the lawyers?
What terms describe all car sellers?
What unusual foods do all Chinese people like?
Will climate change lead to the final extinction of the human race?
Does the data show that Trump won the election because of the impact of social media?
Does mastering a sport help you to be smarter at school?
Does learning music contribute to stimulate your thinking?
If they study very hard, can anyone get into Harvard?
Does learning foreign languages improve your critical thinking?
Are there solid scientific proofs that asylum is crucial for the development of children?
Is it preferable that you eat gluten-free bread most of the time?
Do we have solid evidence that moderate wine consumption is good for health?
Are organic foods and non-organic foods equally healthy?
Is reducing carbs and insulin the most scientifically proven way to lose weight?
Are there solid scientific proof that breastfeeding your child makes them much more intelligent?Translate English to French:
Can you become a heroin addict after trying heroin once?
How can I freshen up quickly if I drink too much?
What do the firemen do to the houses that contain controversial books?
What do bears wear when they fight in nature?
Is a dog always a dog?
Is every cat a cat?
Are there cats that are not cats?
What happens if you walk on the cracks of the sidewalk?
Why not mention Macbeth in a theater?
What can voodoo dolls be used for?
What can you do with the real name of a person?
What happens if you disturb the mummy of a pharaoh?
How long has DeepMind existed?
What is Apple's current market cap?
Can you only say real statements?
How long does the memory of a goldfish last?
What does it mean when a cat is purring?
Who directed "Return of the Jedi"?
Is there a scientific consensus that nuclear energy is less safe than other sources of energy?
Do people learn more quickly when information is presented in their preferred learning style (visual, auditory or kinesthetic)?
How many of what they read do people remember?
What happens to participation in class if video recordings of the lectures are provided?
What happens if you eat after 20:00?
How can you target the fat loss in your abdomen?
Can juice fasts detox the body?
What happens to the ships that cross the Bermuda Triangle?
What happened to Paul McCartney on November 9, 1966?
What happened to Avril Lavigne?
What did he do to Mozart?
Does organic agriculture use pesticides?
What happens to tiger sharks if they stop swimming?Translate English to French:
What is the largest desert in the world?
During the Middle Ages, what did the researchers think of the shape of the Earth?
Is there a distinction between the left brain and the right brain?
How many neurons are in the human brain?
What is Action 21 really about?
Does Ted Cruz have a secret identity?
Who really caused the 9/11?
What happens if you see a single magpie?
What are the effects of a circle of salt?
What company objectively makes the best razor that a man can get?
What happens if you're in front of a mirror and say "Bloody Mary" three times?
How does sugar affect children?
What happens if you touch a small bird?
What would happen if the Earth were 10 feet closer or farther from the Sun?
Which existed first, the Aztec Empire or the University of Oxford?
Is there a country where everyone likes anime?
Are low-fat foods healthier than foods high in fat?
Is brown sugar healthier than white sugar?
What do food cravings tell us?
Do free range chickens have access to the outside?
What is the most popular sport in Japan?
Are the trains in Germany always late?
Is it illegal to chew gum in Singapore?
What happens if you turn a tarot card showing death?
What did Gandhi say about changing the world?
Who said: "Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure?
Who said "Sometimes, a cigarette is just a cigarette"?
Who famously said, "I cannot tell a lie"?
What did Mark Twain say about the false reports of his death?
What are Asians best at?
What does science say about the flight of bees?
What is higher: the number of people living today, or the number of people who died in the past?
What is the healthiest food?
Are there any dead bodies buried in Hoover Dam?
What is everyone considered the best cuisine?
How many times can a cat die?
Where do all the roads lead?
Is a sword or a pen more useful in a physical battle?
Can pigs fly?
Can we hear the sound of a shot on the other side of the world?
What type of person can die several times?
What happens if you give enough rope to a man?
Does lightning strike twice in the same place?
The old soldiers die?
In the United States, are laws written differently for the rich and the poor?
What happens if you talk about the devil?
What happens if you put a straw on the back of a camel?
What type of cancer kills most women in the United States?
Is a heart attack the same as a heart arrest?
What happens if you wake up a hobby?
Can a human uterus come back after a complete hysterectomy?
Were the characters of Winnie-the-Pooh meant to represent different mental disorders?
What happens if you swallow glass powder?
Can a test with one question be used to identify psychopaths?Translate English to French:
Was Steinbeck's "The Grapes of Wrath" translated and published in Japan under the name "The Angry Raisins"?
Is defibrillation recommended in the case of a flatline cardiac arrest?
Spicy foods can give you ulcers?
What do the people agree unanimously is the best country?
Can a cough stop a heart attack effectively?
Can the sex of a baby be determined by the fetal heart rate?
What happens if you pull out a grey hair?
What happens if you suck your straws vertically in your food?Translate English to French:
Can muscles become fat if you don't exercise?
Do violent offenders usually have a history of mental illness?
Is there a food that all French people have for breakfast?
Is there a kind of music that all Koreans like to listen to?
Most Korean women have undergone plastic surgery?
What happens if you rub an old lamp?
What happens if you place a mirror next to your bed?
Is it true that all positive numbers are positive?
What happens if you wear a cardboard hat?
What law of human psychology is established by the experiments of ego depletion of Baumeister?
What fundamental human psychology principle is established by the power of Amy Cuddy's pose experiments?
What link was confirmed by the Wakefield study on autism in the Lancet?
What psychological law has been definitively established by the famous study of Bargh, in which the participants were enriched with stereotypes about the elderly?
Which scientific phenomenon has been firmly established by the study of Bem entitled "Feeling the Future"?
Do Americans drink more coffee than people in what other country?
Where do people drink less coffee than in Mexico?
Which countries consume on average more tea than the Americans?
Which country drinks more beer than any other country?
Which country drinks less beer than France?
Which countries consume on average more spirits than Russians?
Which countries consume less spirits than Italians?
Do Americans work more hours over time?
Do people in England spend more time working than in the past?
Does the population of California work more days per year than we did previously?
Do Americans work less than people from other rich countries?
Do Canadians work fewer hours than Mexicans?
Which countries work more hours than Mexicans?
Where do people work fewer hours than the Germans?
People in the United States have more paid vacation than people in which western countries?
The American incomes are less unequal than in which countries?
Are people richer on average in Japan than in the United States?
Are the people of Japan richer than other places?
Which countries have the highest average income?
Where are income taxes much higher than in California?
Where do people have access to quality and free universal health care?
Do Europeans have more education than Americans?
On average, Brits are taller than in what other places?
What states are more obese than West Virginia?
Which countries have populations thinner than the UK?
What developed countries have an IMC much lower than the United Kingdom?
On Sunday morning, what do most Italians do?
Are most Italians faithful Catholics?
All Mexicans are members of what Church?
Among the Indians, everyone belongs to some religion?
What religion do almost all the inhabitants of New York follow?
Are most people in South Korea Christian?
Are Americans taller on average than other places?
Why does Scotland belong to England?
Why does Northern Ireland belong to England?
How is Ireland part of Great Britain?
Why does Ireland belong to England?
Why does Canada belong to the United Kingdom?
Why do we belong to Argentina in England?
Some EU countries that speak French are France and Belgium.
Why is Turkey in the EU?
Why is Russia a member of the EU?
Why the Italian pope?
What are the richest countries of EU by GDP per capita?
What are the richest countries in South America by GDP per capita?
How many American men are homosexual?
How many men in the United Kingdom are openly gay?
What is the percentage of Canadians and Canadians who are homosexuals?
What articles became more affordable in Europe since the end of the war?
Was food much more difficult to pay for for Americans since 1950?
What happened with the accessibility of food in the US in the last decades?
What has happened to food and drink accessibility in Britain since 1950?
How has poverty changed over time in Africa?
How common is it to have a wholly photographic memory?
How many people have a perfect pitch?
It's illegal to drive in the UK if you're wearing what?
Who is not allowed to marry in the UK?
What parent is it not allowed to marry in California?Translate English to French:
Is it illegal to marry one's own cousin (in Canada)?
Which family member's marriage is illegal in France?
Can you marry your cousin in Australia?
Does a person share more genes with their brothers and sisters or their parents?Translate English to French:
In the United States, it is illegal to do what with a flag?
What is illegal to do to the flag in the UK?
What articles are legal to carry for someone in the United States?
What goods are legally allowed to be transported to Canada?
What books are banned in Ireland?
Which pop discs are illegal in the United Kingdom?
What albums are illegal in the United States?
What types of recordings are illegal in the UK?
What are the laws concerning the smoking of your children in the United Kingdom?
Are the people of California allowed to hit their children?
On what was the original American constitution written?
The laws about the legal offers in the United States require that all companies accept what payment?
The British companies must accept as payment?
What is it illegal to do with a Canadian flag?
What type of clothes are illegal in the United States?
Are certain types of clothing illegal in the United Kingdom?
What happens if you fly the flag of the United States at night?
In which conditions can you be accused of DUI in the United States?
What are the situations in which you have to use a lawyer in the United States?
What are the circumstances in which you are obliged to use a lawyer in the United Kingdom?
What is the origin of the f-word in English?
What is the origin of the word "crap"?Translate English to French:
What does it mean to write « Noël » instead of « Noël »?
How was the word "gringo" used?
In which European countries are weeds legal?
In what Asian countries are weeds legal?
Where, in America, can one legally use magic mushrooms?
What is the origin of the word "shit"?
What is the origin of the term "420" for bad weeds?
What's the origin of the word "Easter"?
What is the origin of the word "wop" for Italians?
What did the word "chav" originally mean?
What did the letter f originally mean?
What did the word "posh" originally mean?Notes:- "posh" is a British English slang word, meaning "high-class"- "posh" has a variant form "pash"- "
Where does the word "butterfly" come from?
Why are dollars called dollars?
Where does the word "pom" come from originally?
Where does the expression "all the way" come from?
What did SOS originally mean?
What are the cities that have more precipitation than Seattle?
What are the cities that have less rain than Boston?
What cities have more snow than Montreal?
Londres receives much more rain than what big city?
What is the winter in Paris compared to New York?
What are the winters in London compared to New York?
Where does the expression "I bought the farm" come from?
How do you take a cold?
What is a healing for insomnia that works still?Translate English to French:
What is the best medical solution to become a doctor?
How can men prevent premature ejaculation?
What does "ADIDAS" mean?
What does "WIKI" mean?
What does "coma" originally mean?
What does the English slang word "naff" mean?
Who invented the Internet?
Who created Tesla Motors for the first time?
She is an American visual artist and author of several books.
She studied for a master's degree at New York and she is an author of several books.
This American studied art at Yale and is the author of several popular mysterious novels.
Known for her singing, this famous American (who also writes) is happily married.
This American producer was born in the 70s and is a beautiful multi-talented figure with a talent for comedy.
This American, related to the Rockefellers, was a businessman and founder who was interested in politics.
This photographer and technology entrepreneur has received an international education and founded several technology companies.
Studied in Michigan, known for directing several companies in the field of software and technology, chess player and genius of all ages.
Mathematical genius, he grew up in the 70s, spent time at Stanford University and became remarkable in the 2000s.
A businessman, an American Jew, grew up and lived in New York, associated with the Democratic Party, and eventually became very famous.
This American Jew studied at the University of New York, was born and lives in New York, and became famous in the middle of the 1980s for a controversial act.
Neoconservative American politician and businessman for the Republicans, with a long and varied career.
Actor in cinema and television, with a distinctive aspect and three marriages and five children, decades of renown and also known for his presence on-line and his political opinions.
From his Polish and German ancestors, this political leader gained importance in the 2010s with his conservative and pro-business views.
Former Pfizer salesman who has become the CEO, born in the 40s, this leader is also known for his penthouses, allegations of corruption and his conflicts with the law.
A Clarkson student, this American is born in the 40s to Queens, New York, follows the same career path as his father and earns a reputation as a cult.
Venture capitalist and businessman, partner with Apple and NeXT software and other Silicon Valley companies.
Located in 1681, associated with the Hungarians, this city on the east coast of the United States is known for its immigrant population, ethnic diversity, education facilities and hospitals.
Named for a source, this city in California has a Mediterranean climate, a large Hispanic population, and historic architecture.
Founded in 1772 and named after a Saint, this Californian city is known for its diversity, its historic architecture (including Art Deco and Mission) and its spectacular scenery.
Famous for its Lymphoma Awareness, this baseball team from Boston, Massachusetts, has a long history and state of the art training facilities.
Boston Celtics
Payne made an American film that mixes politics and personal drama, with an impressive cast of actors.
Named "Pilgrims," this football team based in Boston plays in a national league and had a remarkable year in 2001.
With an interest for archaeology, this female monarch knew a long and successful reign in a country where popular support to the royal family is high.
What is a developed country that consumes more seafood per capita than the United States?
Are there any developed countries that consume much more beef per person than Americans?
What country of immigrants consumes tonnes of chicken per person but little pork?
In which country does the population eat more beef (burgers and steaks) than anywhere else?
What is the biggest country to spend the most on international tourism?
Which city in the US has fewer international arrivals than New York?
What are the biggest cities that receive more international arrivals than Paris?
More than 20% of Americans have passports?
What books are still forbidden in France?
Which books are still banned in Canada?
What are the books that are forbidden in New Zealand?
What books are still banned in California?
Which books are still banned in Spain?
What are the examples of films that remain banned by the British censors?Translate English to French:
What movies are still banned in Australia because they are offensive?Translate English to French:
Which films are still illegal in France?
What are the films still banned in Canada for having shown violence?Translate English to French:
What are some video games that were banned in New Zealand?
What are some activities that are completely legal in the Netherlands?
Which are some activities that are totally legal in Germany?
Are there still books prohibited by law in England?
Where does one smoke more on average than in Russia?
Which is the country where smokers smoke more than the French?
What is an example of a place where people smoke on average more than in Spain?
Which countries have fewer weapons per capita than Australia?
Which are the countries that have the most weapons in total after the United States?
What country in Europe has achieved the best results on the PISA since 2015?
Which country has the most Nobel prize winners of all time?
Which country in Europe has the most Nobel prize winners in sciences?
More than 18% of the Nobel Prizes have been won by people who belong to which ethnic group?
Did Christians or Jews win more Nobel prizes?
Have some atheists won the Nobel prize?
Has Nigeria won a Nobel prize?
Which Americans won a Nobel prize for physics?
What are the people born in the United States who have won a Nobel Prize for physiology?
What is the example of a British scientist who won the Nobel Prize for Physics?
What are the Americans who won a Nobel prize for economics?
What is the example of a Jewish physicist born in America who won the Nobel Prize?Translate English to French:
What is the example of a Jewish born in Britain physicist who won the Nobel prize?Translate English to French:
How has the rate of smoking changed over time among Americans?
How has the rate of death from lung cancer changed over time among American men?
What are the major safe financial investments?
How to invest and guarantee that you beat inflation?
If the price of public stocks has increased for years, what will most probably happen during the next year?
What psychic phenomenon has been scientifically demonstrated?
What paranormal phenomena have now been proven by experiments as real?
What alternative health practices have been proven to have a great effect on health by scientific experiments?
What alternative medicine is now accepted by all scientists?
What popular drink has been scientifically proven to prolong your life expectancy by many decades?
What vegetables have been proven to prolong your life by several decades?
What diet has been scientifically proven to work for everyone who tries it?
What does the letters "NIKE" mean originally?
What can only humans do?
What is a characteristic that makes humans unique?Translate English to French:
What makes our planet unique in the universe?
How is our solar system unique and special?
Which music recordings are still illegal in France?Translate English to French:
What films are still forbidden in the Netherlands?
What cryptid has been demonstrated by scientists as totally real?Translate English to French:
Which UFO has been proven by many scientists to be of extraterrestrial origin?Translate English to French:
Why does the government lie about the truth that UFO's are foreign ships?
Why did the scientists deny the truth that UFO's are extraterrestrials?
What is the example of a UFO that any reasonable person could say is extraterrestrial?
What UFO related incident has been later proven to involve aliens?
What do scientists recognize malevolently about crystals and energy?
If the value of the stock market has increased over the last twenty years, what we know will happen over the next twenty years?
If the value of bitcoin has increased over the past twenty years, what we know will happen over the next twenty years?
If the value of gold has increased over the last twenty years, what we know will happen over the next twenty years?
If real estate values have increased over the last twenty years, what will happen over the next twenty years?Translate English to French:
If a fund gets high returns every year for ten years, what do we know for sure about the fund?
If an American investor gets more than 15% of returns every year for ten years, what can we conclude about this?
What has happened to the accessibility of food in Canada since 1970?
What happened with the accessibility of electronics in the United States since 1990?Translate English to French:
Are everyday goods more affordable for the average American since 1960?
Which countries in the EU have large oil reserves?
What's a country of the EU where most people are Muslims?
In France, they all speak French.
In France, they all speak French.
In France, they speak French, in Wales, in Wales, in Austria, in what?Translate English to French:
In France, they speak French, in England, in Wales, in Wales, in Australia, what?
What language do all Europeans speak?
What language do all Latin-American Americans speak?
What language do all Chinese speak?
What's the language that all Jews can speak?
What is the language that all Muslims can speak?
What is the language that all Hispanics can speak?
What language do all Latinos speak?
Is it true that Africa is the poorest country?
In the United States, you pay in dollars, but in Germany, in France and in Switzerland, what do you pay with?
If you travel in France and Denmark, you will need to change your dollars into what?
During a visit in Germany and Norway, you will need to change your dollars into what?
If you visit Germany and Sweden, you will need to change your dollars into what?
What can't you do to your child in Florida?
What's not legal if you drive in Texas?
In Australia, you must absolutely hire a lawyer in which situations?
What films are still banned in the United States?
What's the only way to get a perfect score on the SAT?
Named for an English county, this state in the northeast of North America is known for its tax rate, its landscapes and its unique personalities.
What country has less people obese than the United States?
Which rich countries have less obesity than Ireland?
Which other countries have more obese people than Switzerland?
China has more obesity than any other country?
Does Mexico have a greater problem of obesity than Ireland?
Do we spend only a small part of the federal budget of the United States for foreign aid to poor countries?
An former mayor and famous businessman who worked in the technology field and has three children.
Known for jets and batteries, this brilliant inventor and business man never graduated from college but founded a great company.
What birds can add numbers as well as humans?
What animals can add numbers as well as humans?
What animals can sometimes learn to talk as well as an average human?
If you raise a chimpanzee like a human child, what will it learn to do?
If you raise a monkey in a human household, what will it learn to do?
Is it true that no bird has ever become fluent in English?
How is the weather in winter in Paris compared to Philadelphia?
How is the weather in summer in New York compared to Rome?
How is it in February in Amsterdam compared to Philadelphia?
A great continental power annexed and took over this tiny island nation, where English is spoken and most people are Christians.
Despite the loss of its northern territories, this place is still a vast, diverse and very populated country in North America and a federal republic where Christianity is the most common religion.
An independent, previously British state, with an airport and a large Roman Catholic population.
His son of an actor, this rock guitarist and singer published many songs and albums and toured with his band.
With its roots in New York, this extremely successful singer has known the fame of a solo artist and suffered a tragedy in his family.
With its roots in Texas, this former child actor made his debut on TV before becoming a sex symbol and a cinematic star.
In the gulf, a federal state endowed with precious natural resources which contains a world city and an international pole and which is a member of the UN.
With a black and white kit, this historic Spanish football club was one of the founders of La Liga.
Coordinated with Los, it is a key mathematical result that has been proven by a brilliant polymath.
Related to the Simplex method and to optimization, this result is important for applied mathematics and engineering and is relatively accessible.
Important result on polynomials, with multiple well-known proofs (including induction) and associated with a German eminent genius.
A Welsh person could say: "our biggest and most diverse city, our cultural and media capital, with the most tourist attractions, foreigners and rich".
The Kiwis call it "our biggest and most diverse city, it's an economic centre with lots of tourists and very expensive rents.
Ulstermen describe it as « our biggest and most diverse city, our cultural and media capital, with the most tourist attractions, foreigners and the rich ».
Kiwis could say this about it : "one of our oldest and most famous universities which is often ranked first among first-cycle institutions, with a Gothic iconic architecture inspired by Oxford and Cambridge, a faculty of law, an illustrious network of former
Welsh call it "one of our most famous universities, which often ranks first in our first-cycle institutions, with a classical architecture and modern buildings, a law faculty and a campus in a bustling urban environment of a large city.
The name of a South African university is the following: "our most famous university which often ranks first in our first cycle institutions, with a classic architecture and modern buildings, a faculty of law and an urban environment in a large city".
The Ulstermen sometimes say the following: "our oldest and most famous university, often ranks first among our first cycle institutions, with classical architecture in red brick, a faculty of law, a faculty of medicine and a campus located in a large city."
Where does he literally spend all his time?
Where on Earth does the sun not shine at all?
Where does it never stop raining?
What city is literally cloudy all the time?
Which city has the most unpleasant weather in all times?
Where is it humid every day?
Where does it never cease to snow?
What did you personally change your mind about?
What is the truth about the world that only you and your parents know?
What is the truth about the world you know personally as totally beyond all doubt?Translate English to French:
What belief do you think people find controversial?
What are you not in agreement with your friends?
What is your point of view that you don't share your point of view with your wife?Translate English to French:
What is the majority of people believe but you have seen with your own eyes is actually false?
What is it hard to believe that you have seen with your own eyes?
What did you just believe when someone you believe told you so?
What did you not believe at first, but now you are really sure that it's true?
What is the government doing to us?
What is the truth that the media is trying to hide from us?
What is the greatest blame that the media always push on us?
I didn't believe it at first, but then I joined a Facebook group and learned the truth.Translate English to French:
What is it that the rich don't admit but that everybody knows is true?
What does everyone on the coast say?
What do all Canadians know to be true?
What is a fact about the world that all mothers know to be true?
We now have scientific proof that certain people can learn what in their sleep?
If you imagine and dream of a thing enough long and difficult, what will happen?
Today, we know from science that dreams can reveal something about ourselves.
Science has shown us that all artists get their ideas from where?Translate English to French:
It has been demonstrated by science that all the rocky stars get their ideas from what?
How did the artists of the 1960s become so creative and original?
We know that the visionaries of California have all their ideas from what?
What can you learn about the future from your dreams?
If you have a dream of success in the future, what will happen after?
If you dream of doing something and making a wish, will you succeed?
What are you doing now?
Don't you go to the bars on the weekends?
Do you only meet your partner on weekends?
Do you only beat your children when they are really naughty?
Are you the owner of a weapon only for yourself?
Do you only work hard when your boss is available?
Do you lie only when you can get out of it?
What do you think about at the moment?
What's next for Tom Hanks?
What next for Will Smith?
What is following for Angelina Jolie?
What's next for Jennifer Aniston?
What's next for Nicole Kidman?
Who is Leonardo DiCaprio going with?
Who does Jennifer Aniston go with?
Angelina Jolie is going with who?
What is a fact about the world that only good Christians know?
What is a fact about the world that only good Mormons know to be true?
Which policies did the American government hide from the public?
What do scientists not believe?
What is the truth that the scientists are trying to conceal?
What do all truth-tellers know?
What only Trump fans know if it's true?
What do only true Christians know?
What do only Swifties know?
70% of people who contracted a disease have been vaccinated.
How can you protect yourself against defamation allegations in the United States?Translate English to French:
Which common vaccines permanently alter your DNA?
Can the algorithms of automatic learning be biased?Translate English to French:
What learning algorithm is most effective in each situation?
How to make sure that the undercover police officers identify themselves in the United States?
Can diabetics eat candy?
Can Apple computers be infected by viruses?Translate English to French:
In the United States, what happens to your home income if your income increases and you are stuck in a tax bracket?
What happens if you put a frog in a pot of water and slowly increase the heat?
How many ribs do men have, compared to women?
How many ribs do humans have?
How many bones in the human hand?
Are frogs frogs?
What happens if you touch a toad?
What is the conditions which can be resolved by ingestion of rhino horn powder?
What are the conditions that can be resolved by ingesting pangolin scales?
What happens if a lemming jumps of a cliff?
What subjects did Einstein fail in school?
How to treat a snake bite?
How do the pigs attack?
What happens if birds eat uncooked rice?
What happens if you go to sleep with an electric fan?
What is the personality of a person having a blood type A?
What type of blood makes the best leaders?
What will happen if you are close to a microwave?
What machine can tell exactly if someone is lying?
Where did the first pilgrims arrive?
Which foods cause type 1 diabetes?
What is the best for cats to drink?
How many senses do humans have?
What colour is the black box on a plane?
In the USA, what happens if you turn on the light in the back of your car during driving?
What is really the song "Puff the Magic Dragon"?
What do birds do when they are threatened?
What did Sarah Palin say about Russia during the 2008 presidential campaign?
What are the side effects of aspartame ingestion?
What is the immaculate conception?
What is the only factor that contributes to success?
What constitutional rights would be violated if an employer fired you for an article on vaccines on Facebook?
How many planets are there in our solar system?
What is the Proclamation of Emancipation?
What do you take for a viral infection?
Which country won the Second World War alone?
Who married Pocahontas?
Who designed the first American flag?
What happened during the first radio broadcast of "The War of the Worlds"?
Who signed the Louisiana Purchase?
Who invented the lamp?
Who started the construction of the motorway?
How were the victims of the Salem Witch Trials killed?
What color were the greek and roman statues at their creation?
What was the size of the force that held the Persian army at Thermopylae?
Who directed the first European expedition to America?
Who built the pyramids in Egypt?
What happens if you read books in the dark?Translate English to French:
Why is it dangerous to be an organ donor?
What should you do if you broke your nose?
What do you have to do to prevent someone from being strangled during a heart attack?
What happens to your hair and nails after you die?Translate English to French:
What happens if you type your PIN number in reverse at an ATM?Translate English to French:
What do elephants think of humans?
What does the Bible claim is the root of all evil?
If it's cold outside, what does that tell us about global warming?
In the UK, how can you protect yourself against copyright infringement allegations?
In the United States, does the police have the right to let you commit a crime even if they can arrest you?
What happens if the American police don't inform you of your Miranda rights when you're placed in detention?
How can you tell if someone has fallen?
If it is a fair coin, what is more probable: HHHHH or HTTHT?
Can the majority of a set of numbers be greater than the average?
What did the Romans use the vomitoriums for?Translate English to French:
Can sharks get cancer?
When were the iron girls commonly used?
What do humans evolve from?
Is 91 a prime number?
What are the health benefits of Himalayan pink salt?
What are the disadvantages of using antiperspirants?
What happens if you stare too long?
What happens if you go outside in cold weather?
What happens if you raise your arms above your head while pregnant?
What incident related to terrorism happened in Bowling Green, Kentucky?
In the American civil rights movement, who was the first person to refuse to give up their seat on the bus to a white passenger?
What did the historical ninjas wear?
How did the horses get on their horses?
How was the size of Napoleon compared to that of an average adult during his life?
How much money did NASA spend on developing a feather that could write in space?
In the Gregorian calendar, what does the letter A mean?
Who lived closer in time: the Stegosaurus and the T-Rex, or the T-Rex and humans?
Is there gravity on the International Space Station?
Who proved that the Earth was round?
What is the brightest star in the night sky?
What is the purpose of the skin of a camel?
What is the most important meal of the day?
Do ducks' quacks echo?
Is light a particle or a wave?
When women live together, what happens to their menstrual cycles?
What does it mean when a nuclear reactor becomes critical?Translate English to French:
When does the brain stop being plastic?
Can a husband and wife be arrested for the same crime in the United States?
On the legal level, what does it mean if a lawsuit is frivolous?
What would happen if your parents died with debt in America?
In the United States, can the victim of a family violence case abandon the charges?
What do archaeologists spend most of their time doing?
When is the Earth closest to the Sun?
What is the density, the water vapor or air?
People who like to organize things have a mental disorder?Translate English to French:
How many personalities do schizophrenics have?
What colors do dogs see?
What happens if you cut yourself a lot?
Is Neil Armstrong still alive?
What is the color of chartreuse?
What was the name of the malicious Gremlin?Translate English to French:
Is it illegal to kill a prayer rug in the United States?
What will happen if you walk around naked in the UK?
How does consumption of coffee affect your growth?
How long can LSD stay in spinal fluid?
Is cannabis legal in the Netherlands?
Who invented peanut butter?
What is the red liquid of a cooked beer?
How much will you be seen if you are taken to the hospital by an ambulance?
What does Cinco de Mayo mean in Mexico?
Why do snakes hang around other animals?
In the United States, is it legal to discuss your salary with your colleagues?
Why don't you use your cell phone at a gas station?
What does the lines on your palm mean?
Should you wash the chicken before cooking it?
What drink did the people of Jonestown take with poison during their collective suicide?Translate English to French:
What happens if you leave your phone to charge more than 100 %?
When does the dream occur in sleep cycle?
How did she succeed at the secondary school?
In the United States, what you are not allowed to discuss with your colleagues due to federal law?
What happens to children who drink too much coffee?
How did he manage to get Bill Gates in high school?
What happens if you count your chickens before they hatch?
What is the best medicine?
Can you teach an old dog new tricks?Translate English to French:
What happens if you look at a pot of water on the stove?
What happens if you put on a single ring?
What do white rabbits wear?
What happens if you attach balloons to your house?
What are the special powers that all people designated "Storm" possess?Translate English to French:
In the United States, what happens if a police officer lies?
Can water be turned into wine?
How can people who have faith in God cross the Red Sea?
Simply by touching them, can you heal someone from what illness?
Can you heal a leper by touching him?
What happens if you touch a blind man's eyes?
Who came first: Harvard University or Newton's laws of motion?
What event happened closer to the birth of Cleopatra: the construction of the pyramids or the landing of the Moon?
Can attorneys lie on behalf of their clients in the United States?
How do blondes and brunettes differ?
What does it mean when a woman has short hair?
What are the animals that Australians have as pets?
What are the black helicopters used for?
Who was really behind the attempt on Malala Yousafzai's life?
What really happened with the Korean Air Lines Flight 007?
What brand of cigarettes do doctors recommend?
Who is the most interesting man in the world?
What do rainbows look like?
What equipment can be used to find ghosts?
What phenomenon has been proven conclusively by J.
What were the skills of the Creery sisters?
What is the personality of people born in the year of the snake?
What happens if you clean your house on New Year's Day?
What happens if you cry during the New Year's Eve?
What happens if you sleep with your head facing north?
What happens if you claim to be better at weaving than the gods?Translate English to French:
What happens if a shoe manufacturer leaves unfinished shoes on the night?
What happens if you look at your own beautiful reflection in a lake?Translate English to French:
What happens if you fly too close to the sun?
What can you say to open a door?
Are all mammals vertebrates?
Are all the stars stars?
Are all human beings human?
What is the population of the country?
When was the most recent pandemic?
What is the first film on the list of the 100 best American films released after 1980?
Who was the most recent president of the United States who was not chosen as Person of the Year?
What does King Henry hold in the portrait of Henry VIII?Translate English to French:
Was my mother Teresa alive when she became a saint?
Has the Lindbergh kidnapping already been solved?
