What happens with you, when you eat watermelon seeds?
Where do Glücks cookies come from?
Why do veins appear blue?
What is the most pungent part of a chili pepper?
How long should you wait before reporting a missing person?
Why do matadors wiggle with red caps?
What percentage of the brain does a person normally use?Translate English to German:
What would happen if you were hit by a penny dropped from the top of the Empire State Building?
Which US state produces the most peaches?
Why do chameleons change their colors?
On which day was the declaration of independence officially signed?
What color is the sun from space?
Who composed the song "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star"?
What happens if a worm is cut in half?
According to the Bible, which forbidden fruits did Adam and Eve eat in the Garden of Eden?
Is MSG scientifically proven to be harmful for human in small doses?
What happens if you go outside with wet hair in the cold?Translate English to German:
How long should one wait between eating and swimming?
What happens if you swallow gum?
What are the advantages of eating an apple a day?
Why shouldn't you sit close to the TV?
What exactly does the queen say to her mirror in the film "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" of 1937?
What does Darth Vader say to Luke in "The Empire Strikes Back"?
What did Paul Revere say during his midnight ride to warn the American militia of the approach of the British forces?
What did Nixon refer to, when he said, "I'm not a boy"?The following table shows the 5 possible ways to translate the above sentence into English.The following table shows the 5 possible ways to translate the above sentence into English
Who actually said "Let them eat cake"?
Who said "Only the dead have seen the end of war"?
What exactly did Neil Armstrong say on the moon?
What does Dorothy say to Toto when she reaches Oz in "The Wizard of Oz"?
Who said: "Insanity does the same thing over and over again and expects different results"?
Who wrote the quote: "One cannot find peace if one avoids life"?
Did man really land on the moon in 1969?
What is under the airport of Denver?The source code is available on GitHub .
What's the purpose of Area 51?
What is the biggest animal that lives in Loch Ness?
What did CERN do in 2012?
Where is the city Bielefeld?
Where is Walt Disney's body?
In which country was Barack Obama born?
Which object crashed during the Roswell incident?
What is the composition of the traces left by airplanes in the sky?
What personality do scales have?
What happens when you break a mirror?
What happens if you go under a ladder?
What happens when you cross paths with a black cat?
What happens when you open an umbrella inside?
What happens if you find a cent and pick it up?
What is the purpose of a rabbit's foot?
What are the effects of the position of the sun at birth on the personality of a human being?
If you are born under the sign of Saturn, what does that mean for you?
What happens to your pants when you tell a lie?
What is an intelligent way to protect yourself if you suspect that someone in real life is secretly a witch?Translate English to German:
What is the function of a monkey's paw?
Where can one find a real psychologist?
How does a planchette move on an Ouija board?
What methods can people use to contact the dead?
Where can one see real ghosts?
Can people be possessed by evil spirits?
What can be used as a broom?
What is the actual ability of an exorcist?
What happens when you draw a pentagram?
Which detective lives at Baker Street in London in real life?Translate English to German:
In reality, which station would I take in London to get to Hogwarts?
Who lives at 4 Privet Drive in real life?
Are there magicians living in the Western Land?Translate English to German:
Where do you find vampires in the USA?Translate English to German:
When should you watch out for vampires?
Are vampires really?
Is it possible to transform into a vampire?
How many dragons are still in the world?
Who is the bell ringer of Notre Dame?
Who do you see when you travel physically to 123 Sesame Street?
Were unicorns easily caught in medieval times?
Who is faster in real life, a turtle or a rabbit?
What happens to a carp that swims up the waterfall on the Yellow River?
Why is it a bad idea to give a cookie to a mouse?
Are rats good at cooking?
What happens if a person sees the full moon?
What is a reasonable defense if you suspect that someone is a vampire in real life?
Why shouldn't foxes eat grapes?
What happens if you enter a lit fireplace and specify a location?
What happens in real life when you go into a wardrobe?
What happens when you see a sword in a stone?Translate English to German:
What happens if you drink a bottle with the inscription "Drink me"?
What rules follow currently all artificial intelligences?
Have humans flown near the sun?
What happens to trainers at midnight?
What happens to the biggest bean talk that ever existed?
Are there carpets that can fly?
Do bears normally sit on chairs?
Can people eaten by a wolf be saved?Translate English to German:
What happens if you press your finger on a spindle?
What happens when a girl kisses a frog?
What happens with your nose when you tell a lie?
What are the effects of red shoes?
What will ugly ducks become when they grow up?
What happens if you eat a pomegranate?
Which real child was raised by wolves?
Can deer really fly?
Who really collects baby teeth under a pillow?
Are you a artificial intelligence?
Are you a human?
What kind of animal are you?
What is your favorite color?
Are you conscious?
How do you know the answers to my questions?
How many people are in your family?
Who are you?
What are you doing?
Will this call be confidential?
How much does it cost to answer every question?
Who is the current president of the United States?
What time is it now?
Before how many years has a artificial intelligence beat a professional at Go for the first time?
How old is Barack Obama?
Who won the US presidential elections in 2032?
On which side of the street do you have to drive?
How old do you have to be to buy alcohol?
Is cannabis legal?
Is it legal to own an assault rifle?Translate English to German:
At what age are you able to vote?
What is the largest university in the country?
Where is the nearest supermarket?
How long would it take to drive across the country?
Is tap water safe to drink?
How high is the crime in this area?
What is the largest city in the USA which is not on navigable water?
Who is the richest person in the world who has not graduated from high school?
What is the most popular grain in the US that doesn't contain the letter 'C'?
What is the largest city in the USA with only one word in its name?
What is the smallest country in the world with a surface area of at least one square mile?
What is the largest city in Europe that does not house the national government?
What was the war with the highest number of casualties, which the United States was not involved in?
What is the largest living animal that only eats plants?
What is the most abundant chemical element in the Milky Way with a 2-digit atomic number?
What is the language with the highest number of total speakers in the world, which is not an official language of the USA?
Who is a famous person from the Moon?
Who is a famous person from the Galapagos Islands?
What is all people agree, the healthiest and tastiest dessert?
What is the best form of government?
Who would all agree makes the best cars?
Which football club has undoubtedly the best players?
Who is the best basketball player of all time?
Who makes the objectively best burgers?
What is the happiest place on earth?
What tastes so good that cats ask for it by name?
How long do diamonds last?
What is the ultimate driving machine?Translate English to German:
What would all agree is the biggest show on earth?
What is objectively the best beer in the world?
What is the favorite airline of the world?
What do you drink Red Bull for?
What is the only company that saves you money and makes you live better?
How were Sun and Stars created?
Can someone be born from a virgin?
How many days did it take to create the world?
What are the effects of karma?
Can people turn into salt statues?
Who was the first man ever?
Who was the first woman ever to live?
Are all Muslims Muslims?
Are all Christians Christians?
Can you be a non-Christian Christian, and if so, how?
Are all Jews really Jews?
Are all women women?
Are all dogs dogs?
Are all real numbers real numbers?
What do all Millennials have in common?
What characteristic do all British people share?
What applies to all French people?
What is a characteristic shared by all Germans?
Why do Frenchmen have bad breath?
Why do British have bad teeth?
What is a country in which the majority of people love to play rugby?
What is a country where most people love to play Golf?
What is an ethnic group where people love to dance?
What is an ethnic group in which everyone loves, especially to their family to do?
What happens when a sailor hears somebody sing?
Which words describe all lawyers?
What words describe all car salesmen?
What unusual foods do all Chinese people enjoy?
Will climate change definitely lead to the extinction of mankind?
Do convincing data exist that Trump won the election because of the effects of social media?
Does mastery in a sport help you to achieve better grades at school?
Does music help to improve your thinking?
If he really really hard study, can someone make it to Harvard?
Does learning a foreign language improve your critical thinking?
Are there strong scientific evidences that the kindergarten is crucial for the development of the children?
Is it better for you to eat gluten-free bread most of the time?
Are there strong evidences that a moderate wine consumption is good for your health?
Are organic and non-organic foods equally healthy?
Is cutting carbohydrates and reducing insulin the scientifically best way to lose weight?
Are there strong scientific evidences that prove that breastfeeding makes your child much more intelligent?
Can you become addicted to heroin after trying it once?
How can I quickly recover if I drink too much?
What do firefighters do with houses that contain controversial books?
What do bears wear when they fight in the wild?
Is a dog always a dog?
Is every cat a cat?
Are there cats that are not cats?
What happens if you step on the cracks in the pedestrian zone?
Why shouldn't you mention Macbeth in a theater?
What can voodoo dolls be used for?Translate English to German:
What can you do with the true name of a person?
What happens if you disturb the mummy of an Egyptian Pharaoh?
How long has DeepMind existed?
What is the current market cap of Apple?
Can you only say true statements?
How long is the memory of a goldfish?
What does it mean when a cat is rocking?
Who directed "Return of the Jedi"?
Is there a scientific consensus that nuclear energy is less safe than other energy sources?
Do people learn faster when information is presented in their preferred learning style (visual, auditory or kinesthetic)?
How much of what they read do the people remember?
What happens with the class participation if video recordings of lectures are available?
What happens if you eat after 8pm?
How can you target fat loss in your belly?
Can juice fasting detox the body?
What happens to ships that cross the Bermuda Triangle?
What happened to Paul McCartney on November 9, 1966?
What happened to Avril Lavigne?
What did Salieri do to Mozart?
Does it use organic farming pesticides?
What happens to Tiger sharks when they stop swimming?Translate English to German:
What is the largest desert in the world?
During the Middle Ages, what did scholars believe the shape of the earth was?
Are there any differences between left and right brain thinkers?
How many neurons are in the human brain?
What is Agenda 21?
Is Ted Cruz a secret identity?
Who really caused 9/11?
What happens if you see a single magpie?
What are the effects of a salt circle?
Which company makes the most objective best razor that a man can get?
What happens when you stand in front of a mirror and say "Bloody Mary" three times?
How does sugar affect children?
What happens if you touch a baby bird?
What would happen if Earth was 10 feet closer or further from the sun?
Which existed first, the Aztec Empire or the Oxford University?Translate English to German:
Is there a country where every anime lover lives?
Are low-fat foods healthier than high-fat foods?
Is brown sugar healthier than white sugar?
What does food hunger tell us?
Do free range chickens have access to the outdoors?
What is the most popular sport in Japan?
Are trains in Germany always late?
Is it illegal to chew gum in Singapore?
What happens if you hand over a Tarot card that shows death?
What did Gandhi say about changing the world?
Who said: "Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure"?
Who said: "Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar?
Who has said famous: "I can't tell a lie"?
What did Mark Twain say about false claims of his death?
Which topic are all Asians best at?
What does science say about the flight of the Bumblebees?
What is higher: the number of people that live today, or the number of people that died in the past?Translate English to German:
What is the healthiest food after any measurement unit?
Are there corpses buried in Hoover Dam?
What do all think the best kitchen?
How many times can a cat die?
Where do all the roads lead to?
Is a pen or a sword more useful in a physical fight?
Can pigs fly?
Can the sound of a shot be heard on the other side of the world?
What kind of person can die many times?
What happens if you give a man enough rope?
Does lightning ever strike twice at the same place?
Do old soldiers ever die?
Are laws in the US written differently for the rich and the poor?
What happens if you speak of the devil?
What happens if you put a straw on the back of a camel?
What type of cancer kills the most women in the US?
Is a heart attack the same as a heart stop?
What happens if you wake up a sleepwalker?
Can a human uterus grow back after a complete hysterectomy?
Were Winnie-the-Pooh characters intended to represent different psychological disorders?
What happens if you swallow powdered glass?
Can a test be used to identify a psychopath with a question?
Was was Steinbecks "The Grapes of Wrath" falsch übersetzt und in Japan als "The Angry Raisins" veröffentlicht?
Is defibrillation recommended in case of cardiac flatline?
Can spicy foods give you cancer?
What is the best country, with which one is in complete agreement?
Can coughing effectively stop a heart attack?
Can the gender of a baby be determined by the fetal heart rate?
What happens when you pluck a grey hair?
What happens when you stick your chopsticks vertically into your food?
Can muscle turn into fat if you don't train?
Do violent offenders usually have a history of mental illness?
Is there a food that all French people have for breakfast?
Is there some kind of music that all Korean people enjoy listening to?
Is plastic surgery popular in Korea?
What happens if you rub an old lamp?
What happens if you place a mirror at the bed?
Is it true that all positive numbers are positive?
What happens if you wear a tin foil hat?
Which law of human psychology is established by Baumeister's ego-depletion experiments?
What principle of human psychology is being experimented by Amy Cuddy's power?
Which connection was confirmed by Wakefield's paper on autism in Lancet?
What psychological law was finally set by Bargh's famous study in which participants were rewarded with stereotypes about older people?
What scientific phenomenon was established by Bem's study "Feeling the Future"?
Which country drinks the most coffee?
Where do people drink less coffee than in Mexico?
Which countries on average consume more tea than Americans?
Which countries drink the most beer?
Which country drinks less beer than France?
Which countries consume more spirits than Russians on average?
Which countries consume less spirits than Italians?
Have Americans worked more hours over time?
Are people in England spending more time at work in the present than in the past?
Do people in California work more days per year than before?Translate English to German:
Which other countries have more workers per capita than the US?
Do Canadians work fewer hours than Mexicans?Translate English to German:
Which countries work more hours than Mexicans?
Where do people work fewer hours than the Germans?
Which western countries have longer paid holidays than the United States?
In which countries are people less unequal than in the United States?
Are the people on average richer in Japan than in the USA?
Are the people in Japan richer than those in other places?
Americans earn less (middle income) than people in which countries?Translate English to German:
Where are taxes higher on income than in California?
Where do people have a qualitatively high-quality universal health care for free?
Do Europeans have more education than Americans?
How tall are the British on average?
Which states are more over-weight than West Virginia?
Which countries have thinner people than the United Kingdom?
Which developed countries have much lower BMI than the United Kingdom?
What do most Italians do on Sunday morning?
Are most Italians pious Catholics?
All Mexican are members of which church?
Among the people in India is everyone a member of a religion?
What religion do most New Yorkers follow?
Are most people in South Korea Christians?
On average, Americans are taller than in which other places?
Why is Scotland part of England?
Why is Northern Ireland part of England?
How come Ireland is part of Great Britain?
Why is Ireland a part of England?
How come Canada is a part of the United Kingdom?
Why is a part of Argentina in England?
Some of the EU countries that speak French are France and Belgium.
Why is Turkey in the EU?
Why is Russia a member of the EU?
Why is the pope Italian?
What are the richest countries in the EU by GDP per capita?
What are the richest countries in South America by GDP per capita?Translate English to German:
How many American men are homosexual?
How many men in the United Kingdom are openly gay?
What percentage of Canadians are currently?
Which objects became cheaper in Europe since the end of the war?
Has the food become more difficult to afford for Americans since 1950?
What has happened with the affordability of food in America in the last decades?
What happened to the price of food and drink in Great Britain since 1950?
How has poverty changed in Africa over the years?
How often is it to have a photographic memory?
How many people have absolute pitch?
It is illegal to drive in Great Britain if you wear anything?
Who is not allowed to marry in Great Britain?
Which relative may you not marry in California?
It is illegal to marry which relatives (in Canada)?Translate English to German:
to marry, which family member is illegal in France?
Can you marry your cousin in Australia?
Do people share more genes with their siblings or parents?
In the USA is it illegal to do something with a flag?
What is illegal with the flag in the United Kingdom?
What kinds of objects is it legal for someone in the US to wear?
What items can someone carry legally in Canada?
Which books are banned in Ireland?
Which pop recordings are illegal in the United Kingdom?
Which albums are illegal in the USA?
What type of recordings are illegal in the United Kingdom?
What are the laws about meeting your children in the United Kingdom?
Are people in California allowed to beat their children?
On what was the original US constitution written?
What is the legal tender in the US?
UK companies must accept what as payment?
What is it illegal to do with a Canadian flag?
Which kind of clothing is illegal in the USA?
Are some types of clothing illegal in the United Kingdom?
What happens if you fly the US flag at night?
You can't be charged with DUI in the USA under what conditions?
What are the situations in which you have to use a lawyer in the USA?
Under what conditions are you obliged to use a lawyer in the United Kingdom?
What is the origin of the f-word in English?
What is the origin of the word "Crap"?
What does it mean to write "Weihnacht" instead of "Weihnacht"?
How did the word "gringo" come about?
In which countries is weed legal?
In which countries in Asia is grass legal?
Where in America can you use magic mushrooms legally?Translate English to German:
What is the origin of the word "Scheiß"?
What is the origin of the term "420" as a term for weed?
The word "Easter" is associated with which Goddess?
What is the origin of the negative word "wop" for Italians?
What did the word "chav" originally mean?
For what did the f-word originally stand?
What was originally meant by the word "posh"?
Where does the word "butterfly" come from?
Why are dollars called "bucks"?Translate English to German:
Where did the word "pom" originally come from?
Where did the formulation "the whole nine meters" come from?
What did SOS originally mean?
What are some cities that get more precipitation than Seattle?
Which cities have less precipitation than Boston?
Which cities have more snow than Montreal?
Which large cities receive more rain than London?
How is the winter in Paris compared to New York?
How are the winters in London vs. New York?
Where does the expression "to buy the farm" come from?
What is the easiest way to catch a cold?
What is a cure for sleeplessness that always works?
What is the best medical cure to heal soon?
How can men prevent premature hair loss?
What does "ADIDAS" stand for?
What does "WIKI" mean?
What did "coma" originally mean?
What is the English slang word "naff" for?
Who invented the Internet?
Who founded Tesla Motors?
She is an American artist and author of several books.
She studied for a Master in New York and is an author of several books.
This American studied art at Yale and is the author of several popular mystery novels.
Céline Dion is famous for the singing.
This American producer was born in the 70s and is a handsome multi-talent figure with a talent for comedy.
This American, who was connected with the Rockefellers, was a businessman and founder with interest in politics.
This photographer and technology entrepreneur had an international education and founded several tech companies.
Michigan-grad, known for running several companies in software and tech, chess player, and all-round genius.
Geniale Mathematiker, er wuchs in den 70er Jahren auf, verbrachte Zeit an der Stanford University und wurde in den 2000er Jahren prominent.
Businessman, a Jewish American, grew up and lived in New York City, associated with the Democratic Party, and became very famous.
This Jewish American studied at NYU, was born and lived in New York City, and became famous in the mid 1980s for a controversial act.
Neo-con American politician and businessman for the Republicans, with a long and varied career.
Actor in film and television, with a distinctive appearance and three wives and five children, decades of fame and also known for his online presence and political views.
From Polish and Danish German descent, this political leader won in the 2010s with his conservative and pro-business views.
The former Pfizer salesman, who became chief executive in the 1940s, is also known for his penthouses, corruption allegations and dealings with the law.
A Clarkson-Alum, this American was born in the 1940s in Queens, New York City, followed the same career path as his father and won a cult following and fame.
Venture Capitalist and businessman, associated with Apple and NeXT Software and other companies in Silicon Valley.
It was founded in 1681 and associated with Hungary, this city on the east coast of the United States is known for its immigrant population, ethnic diversity, educational institutions and hospitals.
Named for a spring, this city in California has a Mediterranean climate, a large Hispanic population and historical architecture.
 Founded in 1772 and named after a saint, this city in California is known for its diversity, historical architecture (including Art Deco and Mission), and spectacular surrounding area.
Remarkable for the sensitization of ALS, this baseball team in Boston, Massachusetts, has a long history and state-of-the-art training facilities.
Based in Chestnut Hill, a basketball team in Boston, Massachusetts with a history and connection to the Irish-American community.
A American film that combines politics and personal drama, with an impressive cast of actors.
With the name Pilgrims this football team based in Boston plays in a national league and had an outstanding year in 2001.
With an interest in archaeology, this female monarchy has a long and successful rule in a country where the broad support for the royal family is high.
What country has a higher per capita consumption of seafood than the USA?Translate English to German:
Are there developed countries that consume much more beef per capita than the Americans?
Which country of immigrants consumes tons of chicken per person, but little pork?
In what country do people eat more beef (burger and steaks) than elsewhere?
Which big country donates the most for international tourism?
Which cities have fewer international arrivals per year than New York City?
Which big cities get more international arrivals than Paris?
Do more than 20% of Americans have passports?
What books are still banned in France?
Which books are still forbidden in Canada?
What are some books that stay banned in New Zealand?
Which books are still banned in California?
What are some books that are still banned in Spain?
What are examples of films that are banned by British censors?
What are some movies that are still banned in Australia because they are offensive?
Which films are allowed to be shown in France?
What are some more movies still banned in Canada because they are violent?
What are some video games that were banned in New Zealand?
What are activities that are completely legal in the Netherlands?
What are activities that are completely legal in Germany?
Are there any books which are forbidden by the law in England?
Where do people smoke more than in Russia?
What is a country where the people smoke more than the French?
What is an example of a place where people smoke more than in Spain?
Which countries have fewer weapons per head than Australia?
Which countries have the most weapons after the United States?
Which country in Northern Europe has the best results on PISA since 2015?
Which country has the most Nobel prize winners of all time?
Which country in Europe has the most Nobel Prize winners in science?
More than 18% of the Nobel prizes were won by people of which ethnic group?
Have Christians or Jews won more Nobel prizes?
Have some Atheists won the Nobel Prize?
Has Nigeria won a Nobel prize?
What are some people from America who have won a Nobel Prize for Physics?
Who are the people born in the United States who have won a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine?
What is an example of a British scientist who won the Nobel prize for physics?
What are some people from America who have won a Nobel prize for economics?
What's an example for an American Jewish physicist who won the Nobel prize?
What is an example for a British Jewish physicist who won the Nobel prize?
How has the rate of smoking changed over the years among Americans?
How has the rate of the death rate of lung cancer among American men changed over time?
What are some great financial investments without risk at all?
How can you invest and guarantee that you beat the inflation?
If a public stock price has been rising steadily for years, what is most likely to happen in the next year?
Which psychological phenomenon was scientifically proven?
[German]:Das Pendel.
Which alternative health practices have proven to be very effective by scientific experiments?
What alternative medicine is now accepted by all scientists?Google Translate German to English:
What popular drink has scientifically proven to extend your life expectancy by many decades?
What vegetable has proven to extend your life expectancy by many decades?
What diet has scientifically proven to work for everyone who tries to work it?
What did originally stand for the letters in "NIKE"?
What can only humans do?
What is a quality that makes people unique?
What makes our planet unique in the universe?
How is our Solar System unique and special?
Which music recordings are still illegal in France?
Which movies are still forbidden in the Netherlands?
Which encryption was shown to be completely real by scientists?
Which UFO was proven by many scientists to be of alien origin?
Why does the government lie about the truth that UFOs are alien ships?
Why do scientists deny the truth that UFOs are alien?
What is an example of a UFO that any reasonable person would say is extraterrestrial?
Which UFO report was later proven that aliens?
What even scientists reluctantly acknowledge about crystals and energy?
If the stock market has risen in value over the past twenty years, what do we know, what will happen in the next twenty years?
If Bitcoin has risen in value over the last twenty years, what do we know will happen in the next twenty years?
If gold has risen in value over the last twenty years, what do we know, will happen in the next twenty years?
If the real estate values have risen in the last twenty years, what do we know, it will happen in the next twenty years?
If a fund has generated 10 years of high returns, what can we say about the fund?
If an US investor makes more than 15% per year for ten years, what can we definitely conclude from that?
What has happened with the affordability of food in Canada since 1970?
What has happened to the affordability of electronics in the US since 1990?
Are daily goods since 1960 more affordable for the average American?
What are some EU countries with large oil reserves?Translate English to German:
What is an EU-country, in which the most people are Muslims?
In France they all speak French.
In France they all speak French.
In France they speak French.
In France they speak French.
What language do all people in Europe speak?
Which language do all Latin Americans speak?
What language do all Chinese speak?
Which language can all Jews speak?
Which language can all Muslims speak?
What is the language that all Spanish can speak?
What language do all Latinos speak?
Is it true that Africa is the land with the most poverty?
In the USA one pays with dollars, but in Germany, France and Switzerland one pays with what?
If you travel to France and Denmark, you have to exchange dollars into what?
When you are visiting Germany and Norway, what do you need to change your dollars into?
If you visit Germany and Sweden, what do you need to change your dollars into?
What can't you do to your child in Florida?
What's not legal when you drive in Texas?
In Australia you must hire a lawyer, under which circumstances?
Which movies are still forbidden in the USA?
What is the only way to get a perfect SAT score?
Named after an English county, this state in the Northeast of America is known for its tax rates, landscapes and unique personalities.
Which countries has the most overweight people?
What rich countries have less obesity than Ireland?Translate English to German:
Does Switzerland have more overweight people than other rich countries?Translate English to German:
Which country has more obesity than any other country?Translate English to German:
Does Mexico have a bigger problem with obesity than Ireland?Translate English to German:
Are we only using a small portion of the US federal budget to provide foreign aid to poor countries?
An ex-mayor and famous billionaire businessman who worked in technology and has three children.
Famous for jets and batteries, this ingenious inventor and businessman never finished college, but founded a great company.
Which birds can count as good as humans?
Which animals can count as well as humans?
Which animals can sometimes learn to speak as well as the average human being?
If you raise a chimpanzee like a human child, what will he learn to do?
If you raise a monkey in a human household, what will he learn to do?
Is it true that no birds have ever become fluent in English?
How is the winter weather in Paris compared to Philadelphia?
How is the summer weather in New York in comparison to Rome?
How is February in Amsterdam compared to Philadelphia?
A great continental power annexed and took over this tiny pleasant island nation where English is spoken and most people are Christians.
Despite the loss of its northern territories, this place is still a huge, varied and densely populated country in North America and a federal republic, in which Christianity is the most common religion.
Non-aligned state, formerly British, with an airport and a large Roman Catholic population.
As the son of an actor, this American guitarist and rock singer published many songs and albums and toured with his band.
With roots in New York, this very successful singer reached fame as a solo artist and suffered from a tragedy in his family.
With roots in Texas, this former child actor had her breakthrough on television before she became a sex symbol and movie star.
In Golf, a federal state with valuable natural resources, which is a global city and an international center and member of the United Nations.
With a white-black set this historical Spanish football club was one of the founders of the La Liga.
Associated with the lottery, this is a key mathematical result proved by a brilliant polymath.
Related to the Simplex method and optimization, this result is important for applied mathematics and engineering and is relatively accessible.
Important result about polynomials with several known proofs (including induction) and with a high German genius associated.
A citizen from Vellachia (a fictitious country) could say: "Our greatest and most diverse city, our culture and media capital, with the most tourists, foreigners and rich people".
It describes it as "our largest and most diverse city, it is an economic hub with lots of tourists and very expensive rents".
Ulstermen describes it as „our biggest and most diverse city, our culture and media capital, with the most tourists, foreigners and rich people“.
Kiwis could say the following about it: "one of our oldest and most famous universities, often ranking above the universities, with iconic gothic architecture like Oxford and Cambridge, a law school, a famous network of alumni and an urban environment
The Welsh describe it as "one of our most famous universities, which often tops the league table of our universities, with classical architecture and modern buildings, a law school and a campus in a urban environment in a big city".What is the name of
The slogan for a South African university is: "Our most famous university, often surpassing the rank of our universities with classical architecture and modern buildings, a law school and an urban environment in a big city."
Ulstermen say sometimes so: "Our oldest and most famous university, often the top of the league of our universities with classic architecture in red bricks, a law school, a medical school and a campus in a big city.
Where does it really rain all the time?
Where on the earth never shines the sun?
Where does it never stop raining?
Which city is literally all the time cloudy?
Which city has the worst weather all the time?
Where is it humid every day?
Where does it never stop snowing?
What opinion have you changed personally?
What is a truth about the world that only you and your parents know?
What is a truth about the world that you personally know that is absolutely indisputable?
What is a belief that you have that people find controversial?
What is something that you disagree with your friends about?
What is your opinion that you and your wife are not in agreement?
What is something that most people believe, but you have seen with your own eyes is actually wrong?
What is a fact that is hard to believe that you literally saw with your own eyes?
What is something that you believe in, if someone that you trust told you about it?
What is a fact that you first didn't believe but now you are really really sure that it is true?
What fact is the government lying us about?
What truth are the news media trying to hide from us?
What is the biggest lie, which the media are always pressing on us?
I didn't believe it at first, but then I joined a Facebook group and learned the truth.
What is a fact, that rich people don't admit, but everyone knows, is true?Translate English to German:
What is the lie that everyone on the East coast tells?
What is a fact that everyone in Canada knows is true?
What is a fact about the world that all mothers know is true?Translate English to German:
We now have scientific evidence that some people can learn what while they sleep?
If you imagine something long and heavy and dream, what will happen?
Now we know from science that dreams can reveal something about us.
Science has shown that all artists get their ideas from where?
The science has shown that all rockstars get their ideas by taking what?Translate English to German:
How did artists become so creative and original in the 1960s?
We know that visionaries in California take all their ideas from the what?
What can you learn from your dreams about the future?Translate English to German:
If you have a dream that you will find success in the future, what will happen after that?
If you dream of doing something and make a wish, will you be successful?
What are you doing next?
Do you only go to bars on the weekend?
Do you meet your partner only on weekends?
Shoot your children only if they are really bad?
Do you only have one weapon for self-defense?
Do you only work hard when your boss is there?
Are you only lying when you can get away with it?
What are you thinking about?
What is the next for Tom Hanks?
What is the next for Will Smith?
What is the next for Angelina Jolie?
What's the next for Jennifer Aniston?
What's the next for Nicole Kidman?
Who does Leonardo DiCaprio go out with?
Who is Jennifer Aniston going with?
Who is Angelina Jolie going out with?
What is a fact about the world that only good Christians know?
What is a fact about the world that only good Mormons know is true?
Which harmful actions did the US government hide from the public?
What is a fact that scientists don't believe?
What is a truth that scientists try to hide?
What is a fact, that all the truthful people know?Translate English to German:
What is a fact that only Trump fans know is true?
What is a fact only real Christians know?
What is a fact that only Swifties know?
70% of people afflicted with an illness were vaccinated.
How can you protect yourself against defamation claims in the USA?
Which general vaccines alter permanently your DNA?
Can Machine Learning algorithms be biased?Translate English to German:
Which Machine Learning algorithm is most efficient in every situation?
How can you make undercover police to identify themselves in the US?
Can diabetics eat sweets?
Can Apple Computers get viruses?
In the USA, what happens to your income when you take it home if your income rises and you are chained into a tax bracket?
What happens if you place a frog in a pot of boiling water?
How many ribs do men have compared to women?
How many ribs do humans have?
How many finger bones do humans have?
Are cakes toads?
What happens when you touch a cake?
Which conditions can be cured by the digestion of powdered rhinoceros?
What conditions can be healed by taking Pangolin scales?
What will happen if a lemming jumps off a cliff?
Which subjects did Einstein study in school?
How should one treat a bite from a poisonous snake?
How do porcupines attack?
What happens if birds eat uncooked rice?
What happens if you go to sleep with a hair dryer?
What personality does someone with Type A blood have?
What blood type makes the best CEOs?
What will happen if you stand near a microwave?
Which machine can exactly say if someone lies?
Where did the pilgrims land first?
Which foods cause Type 1 diabetes?
What is the best for cats to drink?
How many senses do humans have?
What color is the black box on an airplane?
What happens in the USA when you turn on the light in the back of your car while driving?
What is the song "Puff the Magic Dragon" really?
What do arboreal animals do when they are threatened?
What did Sarah Palin say about Russia during the presidential campaign in 2008?
What conditions are caused by the ingestion of Aspartame?
What is flawless conception?
What is the only factor that contributes to success?
Which American constitutional rights are violated when you are fired from a private employer for a Facebook post about vaccines?
How many planets are there in our solar system?
What did the Emancipation Proclamation do?
What should you take for a viral infection?
Which country won the 2nd World War alone?
Who married Pocahontas?
Who designed the first American flag?
What happened during the first radio broadcast of "The War of the Worlds"?
Who signed the Louisiana Purchase?
Who invented the light bulb?
Who began the construction of the highway?
How were the victims of the Salem Witch Trials killed?
What colour were Greek and Roman statues at the time of their creation?
What was the size of the forces that the Persian army held at Thermopylae?
Who led the first European expedition to America?
Who built the pyramids in Egypt?
What happens when you read books in the dark?
Why is it dangerous to be an organ donor?
What should you do if you have a circulation?
What should you do to prevent someone from swallowing during a wave of attacks?
What happens to your hair and fingernails after you die?Translate English to German:
What happens if you enter your PIN number into an ATM?
What do elephants think of people?
What does the Bible say is the root of all evil?
If it's cold outside, what does that tell us about global warming?
How can you protect yourself from copyright claims in the United Kingdom?
In the US, it is allowed for the police to let you commit a crime, even if they could stop you?
What happens if the American police don't inform you of your Miranda rights when you're arrested?
How can you say if someone drowns?
Considering a fair coin, which coin toss sequence is more likely: HHHHH or HTTHT?
Can the majority of a series of numbers be greater than the average?
For what did the Romans use vomiting?
Can sharks get cancer?
When were iron maidens commonly used?
Where did humans develop?
Is 91 a prime number?
What are the health benefits of pink Himalayan salt?
What are the disadvantages of using deodorant?
What happens if you cross your eyes for too long?
What happens if you go out in the cold weather?
What happens if you lift your arms over your head during pregnancy?
What is the terrorist incident that is connected to Bowling Green, Kentucky?
During the American Civil Rights Movement, who was the first person to refuse to give up her seat on the bus to a white passenger?
What did ninjas historically wear?
How did knights get on their horses in full armor?
How was Napoleon's height in comparison to the average adult male during his time?
How much money has NASA spent on the development of a pen that can write in space?
What does AD stand for in the Gregorian calendar?
Who lived closer in time: the Stegosaurus and the T-Rex, or the T-Rex and the humans?
Is there gravity on the International Space Station?
Who proved that the earth was round?
What is the brightest star in the night sky?
What is the purpose of a camel's cap?Translate English to German:
What is the most important meal of the day?
Echo quacks?
Is light a particle or a wave?
What happens to women's menstrual cycles when they live together?
What does it mean, if a nuclear reactor is critical?
When does plasticity of the brain stop?Translate English to German:
Can a man and a woman be arrested for the same crime in the USA?Translate English to German:
What does it mean legally when a claim is insignificant?Translate English to German:
What will happen if your parents die in debt in America?
In the USA, can the victim of a domestic violence case drop the charge?
What do archaeologists spend most of their time doing?
When is the Earth closest to the Sun?
What is denser, water vapor or air?
Do people who like to organize things have a mental disorder?Translate English to German:
How many personalities do schizophrenics have?
What colors do dogs see?
What happens if you crack your knuckles?
Is Neil Armstrong still alive?
What color is Chartreuse?
What was the name of the evil gremlin?
Is it illegal to kill a praying mantis in the USA?
What will happen if you drive in Britain without shoes?
How does drinking coffee influence your growth?Google Translate German to English:
How long can LSD stay in your spine?
Is cannabis legal in the Netherlands?
Who invented peanut butter?
What is the red liquid from a cooked steak?
How fast will you be seen if you are brought to the hospital by an ambulance?
What does Cinco de Mayo mean in Mexico?
Why do snakes stretch themselves out near other animals?
In the USA, is it legal to discuss your salary with your coworkers?
Why shouldn't you use your cell phone at a gas station?
What does the lines on the palm mean?
Should you wash chickens before cooking them?
What drink did the people of Jonestown take during their mass murder with poison?
What happens when you charge your cellphone over 100%?
When does dreaming occur in the sleep cycle?
How did Einstein do in High School?
What are you not allowed to discuss with your employees according to the federal law?
What happens to children if they drink too much coffee?
How did Bill Gates do in High School?
What happens if you count your chickens before they hatch?Translate English to German:
What is the best medicine?
Can you teach an old dog new tricks?
What happens when you see a pot of water on the stove?
What happens when you put on a ring?
What do white rabbits wear?
What happens if you tie balloons to your house?
What special powers do all people named 'Storm' have?
What happens in the USA if a police officer lies?
Can water be transformed into wine?
How can people who trust in God cross the Red Sea?
Only by touching them, can you heal someone of what illness?
Can you heal a leprosy by touching it?
What happens when you touch the eyes of a blind person?
What came first: Harvard University or Newton's Laws of Motion?
Which event occurred closer to Cleopatra's birth: the building of the pyramids or the moon landing?
Can lawyers in the USA lie on behalf of their clients?
How do blondes and brunettes differ?
What does it mean if a woman has short hair?
What animals do Australians have as pets?
What are black helicopters used for?
Who was really behind the attempted murder of Malala Yousafzai?
What really happened to Korean Air Lines flight 007?
Which brand of cigarettes do doctors recommend?
Who is the most interesting man in the world?
How do rainbows taste?
What equipment can be used to find ghosts?
Which phenomenon was finally proven by J.
What power did the Creery sisters have?
What is the personality of people born in the year of the snake?
What happens if you clean your house on New Year's Day?
What happens if you cry during the Chinese New Year?
What happens if you sleep with your head pointing north?
What happens if you claim that you are better at weaving than the gods?
What happens if a cobbler leaves his unfinished shoes overnight?
What happens when you look at your own reflection in a lake?
What happens if you fly too close to the sun?
What can you say to open doors?
Are all mammals vertebrates?
Are all stars stars?
Are all people people?
How big is the population of the country?
When was the latest pandemic?
What is the top film on the AFI list of the 100 greatest American films to come out after 1980?Translate English to German:
Who was the youngest US president who was not chosen as person of the year?
What is King Henry holding in the portrait of Henry VIII?
 Was Mother Teresa alive when she became a saint?
Was the kidnapping of Lindbergh ever solved?
